Add some illiad docs. (#236)
pulibrary/pul-it-handbook: services/hosted_services.md

# Hosted Systems in Use at PUL

## Infolinx/Tigris

### Purpose

> Records management software used by both University staff and Library staff in the Library's Records Management. Anne-Marie Phillips is the primary contact for the software. The software product name for this is "Infolinx". [Further information](https://aisww.com/infolinx/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Records management software used by both University staff and Library staff in the Library's Records Management. Anne-Marie Phillips is the primary contact for the software. The software product name for this is "Infolinx". [Further information](https://aisww.com/infolinx/). Our implementation is called Tigris.
```

### Access
Web [tigris login](https://tigris.princeton.edu). Tigris is integrated with our campus IDP. Access to it is governed by membership in certain Active Directory groups established specifically for tigris. These need to be managed via OIT's [web tools portal](https://tools.princeton.edu). 

Groups defined
* TIGRIS Administrator
* TIGRIS Legal User
* TIGRIS Read Write
* TIGRIS Storage User
* TIGRIS User  

### Renewing the SSL Cert
Tigris.princeton.edu has an A DNS record pointing to: princetonuniversity.cloudapp.net. When the certificate is expiring a new one needs to be emailed to support for tigris at: support@gimmal.com. Must be submitted as a .pfx file. 

### Getting Tigris Support
General application support questions should be sent via the vendor [web portal](https://aisww.com/support/). 

## Aeon

### Purpose 

>  Aeon is used to manage requests from users to utilize our Special Collections materials our restricted access reading rooms. Patrons place requests directly in the Illiad web interface the service provides. The Library Catalog and Pulfalight also directly route requests in the Aeon web interface.. Review recent [releases](https://support.atlas-sys.com/hc/en-us/articles/360011818834-Aeon-Release-Schedule).

Reviewer: I'm not entirely sure I understand how Aeon and ILLiad connect - would this change be correct?
```suggestion
Aeon is used to manage requests from users to utilize our Special Collections materials in our restricted access reading rooms. Patron requests to the Aeon web interface may come from the ILLiad web interface the service provides, from the Library Catalog, or from Pulfalight. Review recent [releases](https://support.atlas-sys.com/hc/en-us/articles/360011818834-Aeon-Release-Schedule).
```

Author: I re-wrote this section, please give it another look when you have a chance.

### Product Owners
Our Special Collections staff responsible for supervising the use of requested materials are the primary users of Aeon. 

### Web Interface

> Atlas hosts the web interface code in a [Github repot](https://github.com/AtlasSystems/hosting-aeon-princeton). You need to request access to this via Atlas support. [Documentation](https://support.atlas-sys.com/hc/en-us/articles/4407504126611-Editing-Atlas-Hosted-Aeon-Web-Pages-in-GitHub) on the workflow to allow PUL users to submit updates is available. The web interface is integrated via Shibboleth for Princeton net ID holders and offers a self-managed username and password for SC users outside of Princeton who want to request SC items. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Atlas hosts the web interface code in a [Github repo](https://github.com/AtlasSystems/hosting-aeon-princeton). You need to request access to this via Atlas support. [Documentation](https://support.atlas-sys.com/hc/en-us/articles/4407504126611-Editing-Atlas-Hosted-Aeon-Web-Pages-in-GitHub) on the workflow to allow PUL users to submit updates is available. The web interface is integrated via Shibboleth for Princeton net ID holders and offers a self-managed username and password for SC users outside of Princeton who want to request SC items. 
```

* "Staff Manager" allows you to create and manage existing staff client users. Including reseting passwords. 
* "Customization Manager" contains configuration settings for ILLiad as well as configuration settings for server-side add-ons.

## Add-ons
Aeon has an add-on architecture implemented in [LUA](https://www.lua.org/). Add-ons can be added at the individual client level or on the server. Client add-ons are incorporated into our Aeon client install in our staff workstation image and replicated on every client instance. Server add-ons are installed in a single place within the ILLiad server application. See available [add-ons](https://atlas-sys.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/ILLiadAddons/pages/3149603/Aeon+Addon+Directory).

### Server Add-ons we use.
* [ReCAP Add-On](https://github.com/PrincetonUniversityLibrary/aeon_scsb_addon) - Facilitates transactions with SCSB

### Getting Support 
General documentation is available on the [Atlas website](https://support.atlas-sys.com/hc/en-us/categories/360000720853-Aeon). Support can be requested through the [Atlas Web Portal](https://support.atlas-sys.com/hc/en-us/requests/new)

## Using the client for troubleshooting/account management

> We have several desktop machines that are available for remote desktop connection that will allow IT staff who don't use windows to utilize. Once connected you need to use actual Aeon client staff credentials to login into the various clients. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Aeon client can only be reached from PUL Windows machines. IT staff who do not regularly work on Windows machines must use Windows Remote Desktop to connect to one of the desktop Windows machines listed below. Once connected, staff must use actual Aeon client staff credentials to login into the various clients. 
```

* lib-ares-cli1
* lib-ares-cli2
* lib-ares-cli3

## ARES
Ares is used manage reading lists of Library materials. Students enrolled in course via reading lists and follow links to the full content of Library materials from those lists. Faculty and other staff involved in supporting those course use Ares to add new materials to course reading lists. Library staff also add items to reading lists on request. Review recent [releases](https://support.atlas-sys.com/hc/en-us/articles/360011824074-Ares-Release-Schedule). 

The materials in these lists primarily link to library electronic content hosting on our vendor resourses but they do include links to materials in the Library Catalog, Figgy and Finding Aids. They also contain links to digitized videos stored in the [Video Reserves application](https://github.com/PrincetonUniversityLibrary/video_reserves). 

### Product Owners
Our Resource Sharing staff are the primary staff users of Ares. Refer any functional questions about the application to them. 

### Web Interface

> Atlas hosts the web interface code in a [Github repot](https://github.com/AtlasSystems/hosting-ares-princeton). You need to request access to this via Atlas support. [Documentation](https://support.atlas-sys.com/hc/en-us/articles/4407504126611-Editing-Atlas-Hosted-Aeon-Web-Pages-in-GitHub) on the workflow to allow PUL users to submit updates is available. Students, Faculty, or University staff who support the management of course reading lists typically do not log into the Ares web interface but rather interact with it through the Canvas integration. Resource sharing handle the creation of accounts to use the web interface directly by request on for those auditing courses who do not posses a Princeton net ID. 

Reviewer: I'm confused here. Atlas is the company that hosts these services for us. And Aeon is mentioned as part of Ares and Tigris . . . what is Aeon, exactly? Is it a software package that we use with different add-ons for two different services? Or is some of this copy-pasta?

Author: Atlas hosts both Ares and Aeon for us. They are completely separate applications as is Tigris. I put them all together in a single documentation file since they are hosted. If it's less confusing I can make a separate file each application.

### Integration with Canvas
[Canvas](https://princeton.instructure.com/) is Princeton's Learning Management System (LMS). Reading lists prepared for courses each semester are delivered through an integration with Ares supported by the [Learning Technology Interoperability](https://support.atlas-sys.com/hc/en-us/articles/5659979374483-Integrating-Ares-and-Canvas-with-LTI-1-3) (LTI) standard. Each active course that has a reading list created in Ares displays that list by linking the course identifier in Canvas with the course identifier in Aeon. There is an example test course in the system under "Library Sandbox" that can be utilized for testing Ares features in canvas. Only users who have successfully authenticated in canvas are able to see Ares contact. Ares content is available under the "Reserves" link in the individual course menu options. Ask the resource sharing staff about utilizing the [test reading list](https://princeton.instructure.com/courses/254/external_tools/399) if needed. 

## Add-ons

> Aeon has an add-on architecture implemented in [LUA](https://www.lua.org/). Add-ons can be added at the individual client level or on the server. Client add-ons are incorporated into our Aeon client install in our staff workstation image and replicated on every client instance. Server add-ons are installed in a single place within the ILLiad server application. See available [add-ons](https://atlas-sys.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/ILLiadAddons/pages/3149456/Ares+Addon+Directory).

Reviewer: Does Aeon software also underpin the ILLiad application?

Author: It has no relation to ILLiad. They are "cousins" if you will. Both are products are atlas systems.

Reviewer: Now I'm really confused. The text here says: "Server add-ons are installed in a single place within the ILLiad server application." If Aeon isn't related to ILLiad, why do we install add-ons for Aeon in an ILLiad server?

Author: This is copy and paste from the ILLiad page. I changed the name of the application to match the section. All three of the Atlas products have an identical add-on feature.

## Infolinx/Tigris

### Purpose
Records management software used by both University staff and Library staff in the Library's Records Management. Anne-Marie Phillips is the primary contact for the software. The software product name for this is "Infolinx". [Further information](https://aisww.com/infolinx/). Our implementation is called Tigris.

### Access
Web [tigris login](https://tigris.princeton.edu). Tigris is integrated with our campus IDP. Access to it is governed by membership in certain Active Directory groups established specifically for tigris. These need to be managed via OIT's [web tools portal](https://tools.princeton.edu). 

Groups defined
* TIGRIS Administrator
* TIGRIS Legal User
* TIGRIS Read Write
* TIGRIS Storage User
* TIGRIS User  

### Renewing the SSL Cert
Tigris.princeton.edu has an A DNS record pointing to: princetonuniversity.cloudapp.net. When the certificate is expiring a new one needs to be emailed to support for tigris at: support@gimmal.com. Must be submitted as a .pfx file. 

### Getting Tigris Support
General application support questions should be sent via the vendor [web portal](https://aisww.com/support/). 

## Aeon

### Purpose 

>  Aeon is used to manage requests from users to utilize our Special Collections materials our restricted access reading rooms. Patrons place requests directly in the Aeon web interface, but most requests come from integrations our Library Catalog and Pulfalight have that route requests into the Aeon web interface. Review recent [releases](https://support.atlas-sys.com/hc/en-us/articles/360011818834-Aeon-Release-Schedule).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aeon manages requests from patrons to use Special Collections materials in our restricted access reading rooms. Patrons can place requests directly in the Aeon web interface, but most requests come from integrations in the Library Catalog and in Pulfalight that route requests into the Aeon web interface. Review recent [releases](https://support.atlas-sys.com/hc/en-us/articles/360011818834-Aeon-Release-Schedule).
```

### Product Owners

> Our Special Collections staff responsible for supervising the use of requested materials are the primary users of Aeon. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our Special Collections staff who are responsible for supervising the use of restricted materials are the primary users of Aeon.
```

### Web Interface

> Atlas hosts the web interface code in a [Github repo](https://github.com/AtlasSystems/hosting-aeon-princeton). You need to request access to this via Atlas support. [Documentation](https://support.atlas-sys.com/hc/en-us/articles/4407504126611-Editing-Atlas-Hosted-Aeon-Web-Pages-in-GitHub) on the workflow to allow PUL users to submit updates is available. The web interface is integrated via Shibboleth for Princeton net ID holders and offers a self-managed username and password for SC users outside of Princeton who want to request SC items. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aeon has a web interface that Atlas hosts for us. The current web interface code lives in a [Github repo](https://github.com/AtlasSystems/hosting-aeon-princeton). You need to request access to this via Atlas support. [Documentation](https://support.atlas-sys.com/hc/en-us/articles/4407504126611-Editing-Atlas-Hosted-Aeon-Web-Pages-in-GitHub) on the workflow to allow PUL users to submit updates is available. The web interface is integrated via Shibboleth for Princeton net ID holders and offers a self-managed username and password for SC users outside of Princeton who want to request SC items. 
```

## Staff Clients
Staff clients are part of a Windows image. These are typically updated when Aeon has a new release or Atlas releases a security patch for Aeon. Staff users have a unique username/password stored in Aeon itself that they use to sign to the client. 

* The "Aeon" staff client allows staff to process requests. 

> * "Staff Manager" allows you to create and manage existing staff client users. Including reseting passwords. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* "Staff Manager" allows you to create and manage existing staff client users. Including resetting passwords. 
```

### Server Add-ons we use.
* [ReCAP Add-On](https://github.com/PrincetonUniversityLibrary/aeon_scsb_addon) - Facilitates transactions with SCSB

### Getting Support 
General documentation is available on the [Atlas website](https://support.atlas-sys.com/hc/en-us/categories/360000720853-Aeon). Support can be requested through the [Atlas Web Portal](https://support.atlas-sys.com/hc/en-us/requests/new)

## Using the client for troubleshooting/account management
The Aeon client can only be reached from PUL Windows machines. IT staff who do not regularly work on Windows machines must use Windows Remote Desktop to connect to one of the desktop Windows machines listed below. Once connected, staff must use actual Aeon client staff credentials to login into the various clients. 

> * lib-ares-cli1
> * lib-ares-cli2
> * lib-ares-cli3

Reviewer: Do we use the same three machines for both Aeon and Ares???

```suggestion
* lib-aeon-cli1
* lib-aeon-cli2
* lib-aeon-cli3
```

Author: Yes, we use the same machines with all three atlas applications.

## ARES
Ares is used manage reading lists of Library materials. Students enrolled in courses access Ares-managed reading lists through an integration with the campus Canvas application. Faculty and other University staff involved in supporting those courses use Ares within Canvas to add new materials to course reading lists. Library staff also add items to reading lists on request using the Ares staff client. Review recent [releases](https://support.atlas-sys.com/hc/en-us/articles/360011824074-Ares-Release-Schedule). 

> The materials in the reading lists primarily link to library electronic content hosting on our vendor resourses but they do include links to print materials in the Library Catalog, digitized content in Figgy, as well as materials in Finding Aids. They also contain links to digitized videos stored in the [Video Reserves application](https://github.com/PrincetonUniversityLibrary/video_reserves). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The materials in the reading lists primarily link to library electronic content hosting on our vendor resources but they do include links to print materials in the Library Catalog, digitized content in Figgy, as well as materials in Finding Aids. They also contain links to digitized videos stored in the [Video Reserves application](https://github.com/PrincetonUniversityLibrary/video_reserves). 
```

### Product Owners
Our Resource Sharing staff are the primary staff users of Ares. Refer any functional questions about the application to them. 

### Web Interface
Ares has a web interface that Atlas hosts for us. The current web interface code in a [Github repo](https://github.com/AtlasSystems/hosting-ares-princeton). You need to request access to this via Atlas support. [Documentation](https://support.atlas-sys.com/hc/en-us/articles/4407504126611-Editing-Atlas-Hosted-Aeon-Web-Pages-in-GitHub) on the workflow to allow PUL users to submit updates is available. Students, Faculty, or University staff who use Ares do not log directly into the Ares web interface but rather interact with it through the Canvas integration. Library Resource Sharing staff handle the creation of accounts that use the web interface directly by request on for those auditing courses who do not posses a Princeton net ID. 

### Integration with Canvas

> [Canvas](https://princeton.instructure.com/) is Princeton's Learning Management System (LMS). Reading lists prepared for courses each semester are delivered through an integration with Ares that uses the [Learning Technology Interoperability](https://support.atlas-sys.com/hc/en-us/articles/5659979374483-Integrating-Ares-and-Canvas-with-LTI-1-3) (LTI) standard. Each active course that has a reading list created in Ares displays that list by linking the course identifier in Canvas with the course identifier in Aeon. There is an example test course in the system under "Library Sandbox" that can be utilized for testing Ares features in canvas. Only users who have successfully authenticated in canvas are able to see Ares contact. Ares content is available under the "Reserves" link in the individual course menu options. Ask the resource sharing staff about utilizing the [test reading list](https://princeton.instructure.com/courses/254/external_tools/399) if needed. 

Reviewer: I think the mention of Aeon here is copy-pasta. Is this the right correction?
```suggestion
[Canvas](https://princeton.instructure.com/) is Princeton's Learning Management System (LMS). Reading lists prepared for courses each semester are delivered through an integration with Ares that uses the [Learning Technology Interoperability](https://support.atlas-sys.com/hc/en-us/articles/5659979374483-Integrating-Ares-and-Canvas-with-LTI-1-3) (LTI) standard. Each active course that has a reading list created in Ares displays that list by linking the course identifier in Canvas with the course identifier in Ares. There is an example test course in the system under "Library Sandbox" that can be utilized for testing Ares features in canvas. Only users who have successfully authenticated in canvas are able to see Ares contact. Ares content is available under the "Reserves" link in the individual course menu options. Ask the resource sharing staff about utilizing the [test reading list](https://princeton.instructure.com/courses/254/external_tools/399) if needed. 
```

## Add-ons

> Aeon has an add-on architecture implemented in [LUA](https://www.lua.org/). Add-ons can be added at the individual client level or on the server. Client add-ons are incorporated into our Aeon client install in our staff workstation image and replicated on every client instance. Server add-ons are installed in a single place within the Ares server application. See available [add-ons](https://atlas-sys.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/ILLiadAddons/pages/3149456/Ares+Addon+Directory).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ares has an add-on architecture implemented in [LUA](https://www.lua.org/). Add-ons can be added at the individual client level or on the server. Client add-ons are incorporated into our Ares client install in our staff workstation image and replicated on every client instance. Server add-ons are installed in a single place within the Ares server application. See available [add-ons](https://atlas-sys.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/ILLiadAddons/pages/3149456/Ares+Addon+Directory).
```

## Staff Clients

> Staff clients are part of a Windows image. These are typically updated when Ares has a new release or Atlas releases a security patch for Ares. Staff users have a unique username/password stored in Aeon itself that they use to sign to the client. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Staff clients are part of a Windows image. These are typically updated when Ares has a new release or Atlas releases a security patch for Ares. Staff users have a unique username/password stored in Ares itself that they use to sign to the client. 
```

* The "Ares" staff client allows staff to process requests.  
* "Staff Manager" allows you to create and manage existing staff client users. Including reseting passwords. 
* "Customization Manager" contains configuration settings for Ares as well as configuration settings for server-side add-ons.

### Getting Support 
General documentation is available on the [Atlas website](https://support.atlas-sys.com/hc/en-us/categories/360000716834-Ares). Support can be requested through the [Atlas Web Portal](https://support.atlas-sys.com/hc/en-us/requests/new)

## Using the client for troubleshooting/account management

> The Ares client can only be reached from PUL Windows machines. IT staff who do not regularly work on Windows machines must use Windows Remote Desktop to connect to one of the desktop Windows machines listed below. Once connected, staff must use actual Aeon client staff credentials to login into the various clients. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ares client can only be reached from PUL Windows machines. IT staff who do not regularly work on Windows machines must use Windows Remote Desktop to connect to one of the desktop Windows machines listed below. Once connected, staff must use actual Ares client staff credentials to login into the various clients. 
```
